add technical preview definition to glossary (#3778)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.1/reference/glossary.md

Related entries: [aggregate](#aggregate), [function](#function), [selector](#selector)

### technical preview

> A feature release with the intention of gathering feedback from customers and the InfluxDB community about the new feature. Send feedback to InfluxData via 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new feature released to gather feedback from customers and the InfluxDB community. Send feedback to InfluxData via 
```
